0: "overview of the Q. S s major. The Quantitative Sciences Q. S s major is the integration of liberal arts and data science with the Q. S s. Major students learn data science techniques in quantitative theory while they study the natural sciences, social sciences or humanities. You will take quantitative classes such as statistics, game theory and experimental methods and classes in an associated discipline based on your area of interest. Such a political science, psychology, neuroscience and behavioral biology, history and more. Finally, a major as die versus your interests. If you weren't sure what is a plan you want to pursue, you can start with the",
 1: "Emory University, located near downtown Atlanta, is divided into nine schools and colleges, four of which serve undergraduate and graduate students. Emery's graduate programs include the highly ranked Goizueta Business School, School of Law and School of Medicine. 1st and 2nd year students are required to live on campus, but a majority of students remain on campus all four years. The Student Programming Council organizes events and performances throughout the year, including from well known entertainers and musicians. A popular student organization is volunteer Emery, which oversees community service activities. The Ameri Eagles have nearly 20 N C double A division three varsity teams and are well known for their successful swimming and diving team. Regardless of whether they participate in varsity athletics, all students are required to take two courses in physical education, and Marie also has a thriving Greek community.",
 2: "Gatsby believed in the green light, the or gastric future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter. Tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther and one fine morning. So we beat on boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.",
 3: 'Amazon Transcribe uses advanced machine learning technologies to recognize speech in your audio or video and transcribe that speech into text. You can use Amazon transcribe to convert audio to text and to create applications that incorporate the content of audio files. For example, you can transcribe the audio track from a video recording to create closed captioning for the video.',
 4: "the Biden administration and top Democrats in Congress began detailing plans for significant changes to have the United States and other countries tax multinational corporations as they look for ways to raise revenues and finance President Biden's $2 trillion infrastructure proposal. On Monday, Treasury Secretary Janet L. Yellen threw her support behind an international effort to create a global minimum tax that would apply to multinational corporations regardless of where they locate their headquarters. Such a global tax, she said, could help prevent a race to the bottom in which countries cut their tax rates in order to entice companies to move headquarters and profits across borders.",
 5: "overview of the Q. S s major. The Quantitative Sciences Q. S s major is the integration of liberal arts and data science with the Q. S s. Major students learn data science techniques in quantitative theory while they study the natural sciences, social sciences or humanities. You will take quantitative classes such as statistics, game theory and experimental methods and classes in an associated discipline based on your area of interest. Such a political science, psychology, neuroscience and behavioral biology, history and more. Finally, a major as die versus your interests. If you aren't sure what discipline you want to pursue, you can start with the",
 6: 'Emory University, located near downtown Atlanta, is divided into nine schools and colleges, four of which serve undergraduate and graduate students. Memories. Graduate programs include the highly ranked Goizueta Business School, School of Law and School of Medicine. 1st and 2nd year students are required to live on campus, but a majority of students remain on campus all four years. The Student Programming Council organizes events and performances throughout the year, including from well known entertainers and musicians. A popular student organization is volunteer Emery, which oversees community service activities. The Ameri Eagles have nearly 20 N C double A division three varsity teams and are well known for their successful swimming and diving team. Regardless of whether they participate in varsity athletics, all students are required to take two courses in physical education, and Marie also has a thriving Greek community.',
 7: "Gatsby believed in the green light. The orgiastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter. Tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther and one fine morning. So we beat on boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.",
 8: 'Amazon Transcribe uses advanced machine learning technologies to recognize speech in your audio or video and transcribe that speech into text. You can use Amazon transcribe to convert audio to text and to create applications that incorporate the content of audio files. For example, you can transcribe the audio track from a video recording to create closed captioning for the video.',
 9: "the Biden administration and top Democrats in Congress began detailing plans for significant changes to how the United States and other countries tax multinational corporations as they look for ways to raise revenues in finance President Biden's $2 trillion infrastructure proposal. On Monday, Treasury Secretary Janet L. Yellen threw her support behind an international effort to create a global minimum tax that would apply to multinational corporations regardless of where they locate their headquarters. Such a global tax, she said, could help prevent the race to the bottom, in which countries cut their tax rates in order to entice companies to move headquarters and profits across borders.",
 10: "overview of the Q. S s major. The Quantitative Sciences Q. S s major is the integration of liberal arts and data science with the Q. S s. Major students learn data science techniques in quantitative theory while they study the natural sciences, social sciences or humanities. You will take quantitative classes such as statistics, game theory and experimental methods and classes in an associated discipline based on your area of interest. Such a political science, psychology, neuroscience and behavioral biology, history and more. Finally, a major as die versus your interests. If you aren't sure what discipline you want to pursue, you can start with the",
 11: "Emory University, located near downtown Atlanta, is divided into nine schools and colleges, four of which serve undergraduate and graduate students. Emery's graduate programs include the highly ranked Goizueta Business School, School of Law and School of Medicine. 1st and 2nd year students are required to live on campus, but a majority of students remain on campus all four years. The Student Programming Council organizes events and performances throughout the year, including from well known entertainers and musicians. A popular student organization is volunteer Emery, which oversees community service activities. The Emory Eagles have nearly 20 N. C double A division three varsity teams and are well known for their successful swimming and diving team. Regardless of whether they participate in varsity athletics, all students are required to take two courses in physical education. Emery also has a thriving Greek community.",
 12: "Gatsby believed in the green light. The orgiastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter. Tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther and one fine morning. So we beat on boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.",
 13: 'Amazon Transcribe uses advanced machine learning technologies to recognize speech in your audio or video and transcribe that speech into text. You can use Amazon transcribe to convert audio to text and to create applications that incorporate the content of audio files. For example, you can transcribe the audio track from a video recording to create closed captioning for the video.',
 14: "the Biden administration and top Democrats in Congress began detailing plans for significant changes to how the United States and other countries tax multinational corporations as they look for ways to raise revenues in finance President Biden's $2 trillion infrastructure proposal. On Monday, Treasury Secretary Janet L. Yellen threw her support behind an international effort to create a global minimum tax that would apply to multinational corporations regardless of where they locate their headquarters. Such a global tax, she said, could help prevent a race to the bottom in which countries cut their tax rates in order to entice companies to move headquarters and profits across borders.",
 15: "overview of the Q. S s major. The Quantitative Sciences Q. S s major is the integration of liberal arts and data science with the Q. S s. Major students learn data science techniques and quantitative theory while they study the natural sciences, social sciences or humanities. You will take quantitative classes such as statistics, game theory and experimental methods and classes in an associated discipline based on your area of interest. Such a political science, psychology, neuroscience and behavioral biology, history and more. Finally, a major is die versus your interests. If you aren't sure what discipline you want to pursue, you can start with the",
 16: 'Emory University, located near downtown Atlanta, is divided into nine schools and colleges, four of which serve undergraduate and graduate students. Memories. Graduate programs include the highly ranked Goizueta Business School, School of Law and School of Medicine. 1st and 2nd year students are required to live on campus, but a majority of students remain on campus all four years. The Student Programming Council organizes events and performances throughout the year, including from well known entertainers and musicians. A popular student organization is volunteer Emery, which oversees community service activities. The Emory Eagles have nearly 20 N c double A division three varsity teams that are well known for their successful swimming and diving team. Regardless of whether they participate in varsity athletics, all students are required to take two courses in physical education. Emery also has a thriving Greek community.',
 17: "Gatsby believed in the green light. The orgiastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter. Tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther and one fine morning. So we beat on boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.",
 18: 'Amazon Transcribe uses advanced machine learning technologies to recognize speech in your audio or video and transcribe that speech into text. You can use Amazon transcribe to convert audio to text and to create applications that incorporate the content of audio files. For example, you can transcribe the audio track from a video recording to create closed captioning for the video.',
 19: "the Biden administration and top Democrats in Congress began detailing plans for significant changes to how the United States and other countries tax multinational corporations as they look for ways to raise revenues in finance President Biden's $2 trillion infrastructure proposal. On Monday, Treasury Secretary Janet L. Yellen threw her support behind an international effort to create a global minimum tax that would apply to multinational corporations regardless of where they locate their headquarters. Such a global tax, she said, could help prevent the race to the bottom, in which countries cut their tax rates in order to entice companies to move headquarters and profits across borders.",
 20: "overview of the Q. S s major. The Quantitative Sciences Q. S s major is the integration of liberal arts and data science with the Q. S s. Major students learn data science techniques and quantitative theory while they study the natural sciences, social sciences or humanities. You will take quantitative classes such as statistics, game theory and experimental methods and classes in an associated discipline based on your area of interest. Such a political science, psychology, neuroscience and behavioral biology, history and more. Finally, a major is diverse is your interests. If you aren't sure what discipline you want to pursue, you can start with the",
 21: 'Emory University, located near downtown Atlanta, is divided into nine schools and colleges, four of which serve undergraduate and graduate students. Memories. Graduate programs include the highly ranked Goizueta Business School, School of Law and School of Medicine. 1st and 2nd year students are required to live on campus, but a majority of students remain on campus all four years. The Student Programming Council organizes events and performances throughout the year, including from well known entertainers and musicians. A popular student organization is volunteer Emery, which oversees community service activities. The Emory Eagles have nearly 20 N C double A division three varsity teams and are well known for their successful swimming and diving team. Regardless of whether they participate in varsity athletics, all students are required to take two courses in physical education. Emery also has a thriving Greek community.',
 22: "Gatsby believed in the green light. The orgiastic future that year by year recedes before us. It eluded us then, but that's no matter. Tomorrow we will run faster, stretch out our arms farther and one fine morning. So we beat on boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.",
 23: 'Amazon Transcribe uses advanced machine learning technologies to recognize speech in your audio or video and transcribe that speech into text. You can use Amazon transcribe to convert audio to text and to create applications that incorporate the content of audio files. For example, you can transcribe the audio track from a video recording to create closed captioning for the video.',
 24: "the Biden administration and top Democrats in Congress began detailing plans for significant changes to how the United States and other countries tax multinational corporations as they look for ways to raise revenues in finance President Biden's $2 trillion infrastructure proposal. On Monday, Treasury Secretary Janet L. Yellen threw her support behind an international effort to create a global minimum tax that would apply to multinational corporations regardless of where they locate their headquarters. Such a global tax, she said, could help prevent the race to the bottom, in which countries cut their tax rates in order to entice companies to move headquarters and profits across borders."